Unit - 1 and 2
---------------
How do you download and install R on your computer? Briefly explain the steps.
Explain how help command in R is used in different Operating System.
Explain with example different data operators in R.
Describe the multiple ways to read and write data into R.
Explain the following commands of R: i) Combine Command, ii) History command
Explain any 4 types of Data Structure available in R. Give example.
Write a short note about: i) as. character (), ii) as. factor (), iii) as. numeric (), iv) as. integer ()
How can you import and export data in R? Explain with examples for CSV, Excel, and databases.
Define Packages. How do you Load and Install packages in R? Explain briefly.
Explain different Control statements used in R with an example.
What are the different methods to run the R program? Explain.
How do you use R for simple math? Explain with an example.
Describe the Looping statements used in R with example. 
Define R studio and explain its characteristics.
Explain the following: i) Arithmetic operators, ii) Assignment operators, iii) Comparison operators, iv) Logical operators
How can you perform basic statistical operations (mean, median, standard deviation, correlation) in R? Explain with examples.
How do you create vector objects? What are the different operations that can be used with vector object? Give an example.
Define Data type and Data structures in R. Write the steps to convert number data to text data and vice versa.
Explain the use of conditional statements (if-else) and looping constructs (for, while) in R with examples.
List and explain the commands which are used to manipulate the vectors.
How is Data frame converted into list? Explain with an example.
Explain the concept of manipulating data structures with R code.
What is a data frame? Explain with example the commands which are used to create the data frame.
Define array data type and explain transpose of array with an example.
Explain the concept of Sorting in relating to Vector and Dataframe.
What is the use of dimnames()? Explain it with example.
With the help of an example explain how matrix is converted to data frame.
List and explain the commands which are used to manipulate the matrix.
What is the use of $ command? How $ command is used in lists explain in detail.
How matrix is converted to dataframe? Explain with an example.
Define Matrix and explain transpose of matrix with an example.
Explain selection and Display concepts relating to Matrix objects.
List and explain the commands which are used to manipulate the List.
How data frame is Converted into Matrix, Explain with an example.
Write a short note on: i) Factors, ii) Data Frames, iii) Vectors, iv) List
